---
layout: post
title:      "CLI : Cry, Laugh, Improvise "
date:       2020-10-04 02:23:53 -0400
permalink:  cli_cry_laugh_improvise
---


I can finally say that I have built my first code and that it actually does something! This 'Command Line Interface,' or CLI project was definitely as difficult as I expected, but now that it's over I can go around bragging to my friends that I built an entire Ruby gem with only three week's worth of knowledge. Crazy huh?

I think the emotion that I felt most throughout this week was frustration. I was dipping my toes in that swamp of despair at the beginning, but four days in I almost dove in head first. My original project was to scrape from a popular anime site called 'Crunchyroll'. I wanted to build a gem that scraped and sorted the titles of many animes and their corresponding episode counts. Then I planned on throwing in  a little '.to_i' method at the end of my episode count attribute so that I could sort all my instances into three categories: short animes, medium animes, and long animes. I wanted to create something that I would use, and I was tired of denying an anime after finding out it has 250+ episodes. Being so busy, this project would simply do the work for me and sort all the short animes into one place. The idea sounded good on paper, but I never got past the scraping process. Imagine my face when I found out that Crunchyroll does not allow its site to be scraped (using Nokogiri at least). I kept getting a "Forbidden" error when I was trying to scrape it and after some googling, I found out that this was just not going to work. I was devastated because I was so set on making this and was even excited to use it for myself! 

I spent some time thinking if I should change my idea completely, or just go hunting for a new site. Of course I chose the latter since it was easier, and finally found a new potential site. It was an article someone created of the 30 most popular animes of 2020. I didn't let out a sigh of relief yet; I had to see if I could even scrape the contents of this site with my good ol' Nokogiri. I almost cried tears of joy when I saw the list of anime pop up on my terminal. It was almost like when you try a new dish at a restaurant and it totally beats your usual order. Silly old me, my confidence shot up and I was like, "hah, I'll be done by Friday!" It is currently Sunday 12 am, and I am thanking the universe for allowing me to pull through this project last minute. 

In the end, this site would not let me scrape the number of episodes, no matter how many methods I tried. I even posted a question to Stack Overflow and the help I got on that was not enough. I kept getting a list of the word 'Episodes:' with no number behind it. I thought, "it's time to improvise." I tried using other articles, but I found out that articles of shows rarely include the episode counts. I even tried changing my route to Netflix shows because I thought it would be more popular, but to no avail. Finally a lightbulb went off and I remembered a site notorious for spewing out as many articles as they can make, Buzzfeed! I saw a great article made especially for quarantine and decided that this would be the one. It did not have an episode count, but it did have a lot of animes that have always interested me! I thought, " I want to watch all of these. What if I make a random anime chooser that assigns me a random anime and gives me the description if I ask for it?" At long last my gem "Random anime chooser" was created. I'm really satisfied with this simple little tool that is actually relevant to my life. Also, the descriptions of the shows are great considering the writer of the article has watched all the animes. 

If there is anything I got out from this project, it's definitely that your first idea does NOT have to be your final idea. I wasted a few days because I was so adamant about using a site, that in the end would never have worked out. I will be keeping a closer eye on these errors and googling anything that seems unfamiliar from now on. Now that I'm done, I think I will relieve some stress by showing off my gem to my friends. 
 
