---
layout: post
title:      "Software Engineering! I choose you!"
date:       2020-09-08 20:33:53 +0000
permalink:  software_engineering_i_choose_you
---


Any first generation child of immigrants can relate to the looming question, "What do you want to be when you grow up?" Oftentimes, this question is followed by many popular suggestions such as: a doctor, a lawyer, or maybe an accountant. I've heard this story so many times that it's become one big inside joke amongst us first generation college students. Luckily, although I was always pressured to choose a career, my parents have always been supportive no matter what. I've gone from Pre-Medicine, to simply doing a Biology/Chemistry major. Then I did an entire 180 and sought shelter in the business department under an Accounting major. After that, I got even more ambiguous by entertaining my family with the idea of being an International Business major. So many decisions later and I finally got the hint that perhaps college is the problem. 

I often feel when going through a major (and I have plenty of experience) that it is kind of like watching a movie. You watch the beginning of the movie and there are only three ways the movie could go: it could be really good, it could be tolerable, or it could be down-right a waste of time. I have certainly learned a lot going through all these classes, but what I learned the most is that I have too much patience for my own good. I will 85% be sure that I am watching a terrible movie and still finish it with the hope that there is a groundbreaking plot twist at the end. Similarly, I will struggle through hours of complex stoichiometry problems hoping that the light bulb will just magically turn on and I'll become a prodigy in chemistry. Most people are good at doing things that they enjoy, and enjoyment cannot be forced. 

Fast forward to today, and I am starting to finally see that plot twist I was hoping for, but in a different movie. I never really heard of software engineering or programming. I would just imagine a guy sitting in front of a computer and just leave it at that. After working in the tax industry and presently, in an accounting office, I'm starting to see that I would like to be that *guy sitting in front of a computer.* I started to really think, "what do I like?" I like working in smaller groups with a work environment that is always changing. I started to research jobs in programming and a lot of requirements on my list were checked off. I recently bought a Pre-programming class from Udemy and found it to be fascinating, and even entertaining, learning about how computers actually work or what the internet really is. The software engineering prep course has also given me a lot of insight into the world of technology and I can honestly say it's not what I expected. One of my favorite hobbies is learning different languages, and the world of code feels like learning the language of computers. I still have a lot to learn, but I can honestly say that I don't get the same forceful feeling that I had back in chemistry. Hopefully this turns out to be a movie that I rewatch over and over again.  

